first wash the ribs and soak them for 15
to 20 minutes
after 15 to 20 minutes dump the bloody
water and rinse the meat
you
now let's prepare the marinade cut
quarter of an onion into chunks and put
in a blender cut and peel a thumb-sized
knob of ginger and put in the blender
add 7 to 8 cloves of garlic peel an
Asian pear
remove the cord top half of the pair add
half a cup of meeting and the quarter
cup of sack a low flow to blend it till
you get a nice white figure a dump the
onion pear puree into a large container
add one tablespoon of brown sugar and 1
tablespoon of rice or corn syrup this is
going to make the car be nice and brown
and shiny add black pepper add 1
tablespoon of ground sesame seeds you
can use mortar and pestle but I just use
my hands
a 3/4 cup of soy sauce and 1 tablespoon
of sesame oil mix everything together
well
now add the ribs to the marinade you can
actually marinate Covidien ziploc bags
which makes it easy to freeze any
leftovers
make sure every piece is well coated
cover and let them eat marinate in the
fridge for at least a couple of hours to
overnight to cook you can pan fire grill
get your pan really hot in knives HIV be
sure not to overcrowd the pan because we
don't want boil tightly
flip and cook until both sides are nice
and brown
and the leftover sauce cook some onions
and mushrooms
I added some chopped as well to glaze
the pan
enjoy Kyrie with naengmyeon perilla
leaves and lettuce to el8 IV cut off the
meat from the bones and cut into
bite-sized pieces
get up perilla and lettuce leaf and add
a piece or two of Tidy along with sliced
garlic and onion then wrap the some and
eat in one bite
you can also eat currently by wrapping
it in the chewing danghang